Add blog post about community (#4645)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/blog/2020-04-06-a-growing-community.md

---
title: A growing community
description: The Svelte community keeps on growing. Here's what's been happening over the past year.
author: Johan Ronsse
authorURL: https://twitter.com/wolfr_2_
---

It's been a year since the release of Svelte 3, and over the year, a lot has happened in terms of community. In this post, I am collecting some highlights of the past year, from a community perspective.

I am sure you are probably pretty tired of exponential graphs by now, but here is the interest in Svelte as measured by Github stars over time.

<img src="/blog/graph.png" style="max-width: 100%;">

> If you like Svelte and want to support it - give it a star [here](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte). If there was ever a measurement of popularity, it's stars on Github, isn't it?

Author: OK, I can do that.

> (BTW, if you want to see the interactive version of that chart, look [here](https://star-history.t9t.io/#sveltejs/svelte))

Author: Since I got the chart from their app it only felt nice to link to their tool.

> (BTW, if you want to see the interactive version of that chart, look [here](https://star-history.t9t.io/#sveltejs/svelte))

Author: (I removed the mention btw as to resolve this)

> (BTW, if you want to see the interactive version of that chart, look [here](https://star-history.t9t.io/#sveltejs/svelte))

Reviewer: Ah. I see. Maybe you're right to link it, but a little more conspicuously. I'll make a suggested update for you.

> (BTW, if you want to see the interactive version of that chart, look [here](https://star-history.t9t.io/#sveltejs/svelte))

Author: Great, thank you.

---
title: A growing community
description: The Svelte community keeps on growing. Here's what's been happening over the past year.
author: Johan Ronsse
authorURL: https://twitter.com/wolfr_2_
---

It's been a year since the release of Svelte 3, and over the year, a lot has happened in terms of community. In this post, I am collecting some highlights of the past year, from a community perspective.

I am sure you are probably pretty tired of exponential graphs by now, but here is the interest in Svelte as measured by Github stars over time.

<img src="/blog/graph.png" style="max-width: 100%;">

If you like Svelte and want to support it - give it a star [here](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte).

> * Right after the last post, Rich's talk [Rethinking Reactivity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdNJ3fydeao) got a lot of people excited about Svelte. He followed this talk up with [Computer, build me an app](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqt6YxAZoOc) and [The return of write less, do more](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzX4aTRPzno).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Right after the last post, Rich's talk [Rethinking Reactivity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdNJ3fydeao) got a lot of people excited about Svelte. Other talks garnering attention included [Computer, build me an app](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqt6YxAZoOc) and [The return of write less, do more](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzX4aTRPzno).
```

    * UI libraries such as [Svelte Material UI](https://github.com/hperrin/svelte-material-ui), [Svelma](https://github.com/c0bra/svelma) (based on Bulma), and [SvelteStrap](https://github.com/bestguy/sveltestrap) (based on Bootstrap 4)
    * [Pancake](https://pancake-charts.surge.sh/) - responsive charts for Svelte apps
* Multiple events have been coordinated under the Svelte Society banner. There's been 4 events in New York, an event in Stockholm, two in Amsterdam and an event in Russia (with over 100 people!).
  * A lot of these have videos of the talks, which you can find on the Svelte Society's [Twitter](https://twitter.com/sveltesociety) page.
  * Sadly, some events had to be cancelled in recent weeks due to COVID-19.
* Svelte.js was talked about a lot in the overall development community. Ryan Atkinson's post [Why Svelte](https://github.com/feltcoop/why-svelte) became #1 on Hacker News.
* A [community site](https://svelte-community.netlify.com/) was built, with a listing of events, tools & resources and code that you can use
* Recently, Svelte was featured in [Wired Magazine](https://www.wired.com/story/javascript-framework-puts-web-pages-diet/).

> If you want to stay on top of what is happening in the Svelte world, follow [@sveltejs](https://twitter.com/sveltejs) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, things are moving quickly in the Svelte world. If you want to stay on top of what is happening, follow [@sveltejs](https://twitter.com/sveltejs) on Twitter. Or join us on the [Discord channels](https://svelte.dev/chat).
```
